Subject: Application support specialist
From: Mai Mohamed <mai.mohamed.hassan9@gmail.com>
Date: Mon, 7 Sep 2026 19:31:20 +0300
Body:
Dear,
 I hope you are well.
 I'm interested in joining this opportunity, kindly find my attached resume

Thanks.
Mai Mohamed



CV Text:
 
M a i  M o h a m e d  H a s s a n 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mai-mohamed-24a239376 
COMMUNICATION  ENGINEER  
 
 
 
Mai.Mohamed.hassan9@gmail .com 01100814437 shoubra, Cairo , Egypt 
 
 
 
EDUCATION  
 
Canadian international college (sheikh Zayed branch), Faculty of Engineering  . 
2019-2024 
■Bachelor of Engineering, communication & Electronics Department. 
■ (Grade/Very good), (GPA/3.2). 
■ (Graduation Year/2024). 
■(Graduation Project / (Scanner, jammer, analyzer device) 
■(Grade/Excellent). 
 
 
 
CAREER OBJECTIVE  
Dedicated and motivated Telecommunication Engineer with extensive experience in network operations 
and maintenance, I am actively seeking a challenging role within a dynamic organization. My goal is to 
leverage my technical expertise and passion for innovation to design, develop, and implement cutting-
edge communication systems. I am driven to contribute to organizational success and advance my career 
through continuous learning, professional growth, and leadership opportunities  
 
 
EXPERIENCE  
 
SMT(COVERAGE)in Huawei GNOC at Saudi Zain project in Huawei |Egypt  
                                                                                                                                                      Aug 2025 till now 
• Handling customer complaints (CS) using the Remedy tool within SLA to ensure customer satisfaction.  
 • Responsible for ensuring reliable and efficient coverage for voice and data services, ident ifying coverage 
gaps, and supporting the resolution of issues affecting network coverage. Aim to provide seamless 
connectivity, enhance network performance, and improve customer satisfaction.  
• Analyze network performance metrics to identify areas for optimization and improvement.  
• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement solutions for enhancing network reliability and 
performance. 
 • Continuously monitor network infrastructure to proactively identify and address potential issues before 
they impact customer experience. 
 
 
 
 
FO IPRAN Engineer in Huawei GNOC in Saudi Zain project | Huawei | Egypt, Smart village   
 
                                                                                                                                                Sept2024-Aug2025 
                                                                                                                                    
Managed and monitored IP network infrastructure for mobile communication systems (RAN & IP transport).  
•Configured and troubleshot routers, switches, and MPLS networks to ensure high availability and performance. 
•Monitored network KPIs and performed fault analysis, root cause identification, and service restoration.  
•Collaborated with field engineers and cross-functional teams to implement IP-based solutions for mobile backhaul 
and core networks. 
•Performed network optimization, capacity planning, and traffic engineering to improve overall network efficiency.  
•Documented network configurations, topology, and standard operating procedures for IP and transport n etworks. 
•Participated in network upgrade projects, migrations, and integration of new IP technologies.  
•Ensured compliance with network security standards, VPN configurations, and IP addressing schemes.  
 
Admission representative CIC                                                                                   Sep 2022-Aug 2024 
 
 
PRACTICAL TRAINING & COURSES . 
June 2025 – Aug 2025 
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) Security 
 
o VLans,VTP & STP 
o Ether channel & Port security 
o HSRP ,VRRP & GLBP 
o EIGRP , OSPF & BGP 
o IPV6 
MAR 2025 – June 2025 
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) 
 
o Network fundamentals 
o Network access 
o IP Connectivity 
o IP Services 
o Security fundamentals 
Sep 2024 – Dec 2024 
Penetration testing  
 
o Power shell for penetration testing  
o C# for penetration testing  
                June 2024 – Sep 2024 
5G "SA & NSA " , Mega academy 
June 2023 – Sep 2023 
LTE, LTE-A, LTE-A Pro & 4G Planning 
June 2022 – Aug 2022 
CDMA,UMTS,HSPA & 3G Drive test and post processing 
June  2022 – Aug 2022 
GSM, GPRS, EDGE & 2G Drive test and post processing 
 
 
 
 
INTERPERSONAL SKILLS.  
 
• Creative                                                   
• Work well in groups       
• Effective                  
• Organized 
• Strong ability to work under pressure 
• Responsible 
• Diligent                                                   
• Ability to work for a long time                                                       
• Strong ability to work under pressure 
• Good Presentation and communications skills 
•  
LANGUAGE  
 
Arabic              English  
    
 
  
SKILLS  
 
o Packet tracer 
o CUSTOMER SUPPORT APPLICATION(Remedy) 
o U2020 
o OWS 
o LMT 
o Microsoft office 
o Penetration testing  
o Matlab  
o Java and python language 
o Linux  

