Email Subject: Application Support Specialist
From: Mohamed Ahmed Ebrahim <mohamedaebrahim111@gmail.com>
Date: Mon, 7 Sep 2026 07:21:27 +0300
Email Body:


CV Content:
Mohamed Tantawy
mohamedaebrahim111@gmail.com  •  +20 01016258459  •  1st District, 706, 6th of October, Giza, Egypt  •   https://
csi.edu.eg/
SUMMARY
I am a computer science graduate with a strong foundation in my field and practical experience in technical support, IT
applications, and AI data contribution. I am eager to keep learning and explore new ideas. I enjoy solving problems and creating
innovative solutions. I am open-minded and ready to adapt to different cultures. I am excited to grow my skills and contribute to
the world of technology.
EXPERIENCE
Network Egypt,  Technical Support Trainee (cPanel & Web Hosting)
Dec 2025 - Jan 2026
• Managed cPanel/WHM hosting accounts & email setup.
• Monitored server performance & provided first-line support.
• Troubleshot basic website, FTP, and email issues.
Alibaba AI Research Division (via Bluebird Crowdsourcing),  Linguistic Data Contributor
Apr 2025 - Jun 2025
• Contributed to Arabic/English speech corpus development for AI/ML training.
• Performed phonetic transcription and linguistic annotation of voice data.
• Ensured data quality for natural language processing (NLP) applications.
Men's Club,  IT Application Specialist
Feb 2026 - Apr 2026
• Provide daily technical support to end users (on-site and remote).
• Support, maintain, and troubleshoot Retail Pro systems.
• Manage and support Retail Pro databases ensuring data integrity and availability.
EDUCATION
Culture And Science City
BA of Computer Science  •  Computer Science
Final grade 77.67 Level in EQF EQF level 6
Pioneer of Digital Egypt by Global Knowledge
Microsoft Machine Learning Engineer  •  Inter-disciplinary programmes and qualifications involving Information and
Communication Technologies (ICTs)
Valley of Science and Technology ZEWAIL CITY
Introduction to Artificial Intelligence And Applications Training  •  Inter-disciplinary programmes and qualifications involving
Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs)
Technology Innovation and Entrepreneurship Center (TIEC) & iSpark Egypt – CREATIVA Center
InnovEgypt Certificate in Entrepreneurship and Innovation  •  Entrepreneurship, Innovation & Technology Management
LICENSES & CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Machine Learning Engineer
Pioneer of Digital Egypt by Global Knowledge  •   0688  •   Issued Apr 2024 - Expires Oct 2024
InnovEgypt Certificate in Entrepreneurship and Innovation
Technology Innovation and Entrepreneurship Center (TIEC) & iSpark Egypt – CREATIVA Center  •   Issued Jan 2026 - Expires
Feb 2026
Mohamed Tantawy - page 1 of 1

